feat: Adds information about the MCA setup (#629)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.how-to.integrate-meshplatform-azure-manually.md

> You should never grant subscription owner roles to the meshStack replicator SPN.

> ### Using a Customer Agreement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use a Customer Agreement
```

If your company has a Customer Agreement with Microsoft you can also use an automatic REST API in order to create new subscriptions. It is a very similiar process to the [Enterprise Agreement](#set-up-enterprise-agreement-provisioning) variant. The difference is you need two principals, one on the Billing Account tenant that creates the subscription and another one on the target AAD tenant that receives its ownership.

> Currently meshStack only supports the MCA tenant creation across different AAD tenants. See [Microsofts documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cost-management-billing/manage/programmatically-create-subscription-microsoft-customer-agreement-across-tenants) about it.

#### Create Source Tenant Principal

1. On the tenant that contains your billing account create a new Enterprise Application.
2. Add credentials to it and note down the `Directory (tenant) ID`, `Application (client) ID`, `Object ID` and the `secret` just generated by you.

> 3. Select the billing profile or invoice section under which you want to create the subscriptions. You can follow the [documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cost-management-billing/manage/programmatically-create-subscription-microsoft-customer-agreement?tabs=rest#find-billing-profiles--invoice-sections-to-create-subscriptions) from Microsoft. You need to write down the ID that lookes something like this `/providers/Microsoft.Billing/billingAccounts/5e98e158-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx:xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx_xxxx-xx-xx/billingProfiles/AW4F-xxxx-xxx-xxx/invoiceSections/SH3V-xxxx-xxx-xxx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the billing profile or invoice section under which you want to create the subscriptions by following the [documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cost-management-billing/manage/programmatically-create-subscription-microsoft-customer-agreement?tabs=rest#find-billing-profiles--invoice-sections-to-create-subscriptions) from Microsoft. Write down the ID that looks something like this `/providers/Microsoft.Billing/billingAccounts/5e98e158-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx:xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx_xxxx-xx-xx/billingProfiles/AW4F-xxxx-xxx-xxx/invoiceSections/SH3V-xxxx-xxx-xxx`.
```

4. Go to the billing account and give the newly generated principal one of those roles there: `Owner`, `Contributer`, `Azure Subscription Creator` on an invoice section or `Owner` or `Contributor` on a billing profile or billing account. This allows the principal to generate new Subscriptions.

#### Create Target Tenant Principal

The requirements for the principal on the target tenant is identically with the one from the Enterprise Agreement provisioning. Please follow the section [Set up the Replication Service Principal](#set-up-the-replication-service-principal).

#### meshPanel Configuration

When creating a new platform configuration in the meshPanels admin section, choose Customer Agreement and fill in the form with the data you just noted down. The `Principal Client Secret`, `Principal Object ID` and `Billing Account Principal Client ID` refer to the data of the service principal from the billing/source tenant AAD.

The `Destination AAD ID` must be an ID. Please don't use the domain name variant of it e.g. `*.onmicrosoft.com` but use its UUID form. The principal data in the **Access Configuration** part refers to the target tenant AAD service principal.

> ### Using pre-provisioned Subscriptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use pre-provisioned Subscriptions
```

Author: fixed
